Q: Which court should be used in case of disputes?
A: The courts of Ghent shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement) which the Parties are unable to settle amicably.

Q: Which jurisdiction is relevant for this contract?
A: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belgium.

Q: What are the IP transfer provisions?
A: The rights or interests pertaining to the result of any intellectual activity that directly or indirectly relates to the...Services, belong exclusively to and remain with the Company. The Manager and the Permanent Representative hereby transfer and agree to transfer any such right or interest to the Company, and such transfer shall include (without limitation) every creation, method, research, process or know-how whether or not protected by an intellectual property right such as copyrights, patents, drawings, models, brands, trademarks, domain names, every right connected to software or a data base that has been created by the Manager and/or the Permanent Representative under or in connection with the performance of the Services (theIntellectual Property Rights).

Q: Under what circumstances can the contract be terminated?
A: The Company and the Manager may at any time terminate the Agreement with a six (6) months' prior written notice.
Without prejudice to Clause 5.2, the Company can terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by notifying the Manager thereof via registered letter, in the event any of the following has occurred:
- - - 1. fraud (bedrog/dol), willful misconduct (eigen opzet/fait intentionel) or gross negligence (grove nalatigheid/faute lourde) by the Manager or the Permanent Representative in relation to the...performance of the Service 2. a material or persistent breach by the Manager or the Permanent Representative of any of the...obligations under this Agreement, if such breach is not capable of being remedied or has not been remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days following a notice by the Company to the Manager theret 3. bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation of, or loss of a substantial part of the assets by the Manage 4. the Manager or the Permanent Representative being convicted of, or admitting guilt to, any criminal activity (excluding, however, any minor criminal offences committed outside the context of this Agreement that cannot lead to any reputational damage to the Company, such as, for instance, traffic violations)
The Manager shall not be entitled to any damages or compensation in the event of a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Clause 5.3.
The termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Clause 5 is without prejudice to any claim the Company has or might have against the Manager or the Permanent Representative for damages suffered or incurred.
Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, the provisions of Clauses 6.5, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect.
Without prejudice to Clause 5.2, the Manager can terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by notifying the Company thereof via registered letter, in the event any of the following has occurred:
- - - 1. fraud (bedrog/dol), willful misconduct (eigen opzet/fait intentionel) or gross negligence (grove nalatigheid/faute lourde) by the Company in relation to the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreemen 2. a material or persistent breach by the Company of any of the obligations under this Agreement, if such breach is not capable of being remedied or has not been remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days following a notice by the Manager to the Company thereto o 3. bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation of, or loss of a substantial part of the assets by the Company 4. the Company (or its directors) being convicted of, or admitting guilt to, any criminal activity (excluding, however, any minor criminal offences committed outside the context of this Agreement that cannot lead to any reputational damage to the Company, such as, for instance, traffic violations)
The Company shall not be entitled to any damages or compensation in the event of a termination of this...Agreement pursuant to Clause 5.7.
The termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Clause 5 is without prejudice to any claim the Manager has or might have against the Company for damages suffered or incurred.
